docs: bundle static swagger-ui with docs [DET-4210] (#1376)
determined-ai/determined: docs/how-to/rest-apis.txt

   Specification, with the visual documentation making it easy for back
   end implementation and client-side consumption."

> A static version of the Swagger UI is available bundled with this docs

Author: @neilconway any suggestions here?

other feature-full version maybe?

Author: cc @vishnu2kmohan

> A static version of the Swagger UI is available bundled with this docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A static version of the Swagger UI is bundled with these docs
```

`here
<../swagger-ui/index.html>`__. If

> you have access to a running Determiend cluster you can checkout the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have access to a running Determined cluster you can checkout the
```

> more feature-full by clicking the API icon from the Determined WebUI or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
live-interact version by clicking the API icon from the Determined WebUI or
```
